hey youtube it's Hannah this video is
going to be a do-it-yourself tailoring
type of video I'm going to show you how
to take in a top for me I am 11 weeks
postpartum and so my boobs are still
really huge in the double D region and
so a lot of shirts don't fit me so if I
get a bigger size and just take it in on
my sides but leave it bigger around my
chest then it fits great and so i'm
going to show you guys how to do this i
got these two shirts actually for free
my mother-in-law bought them for me and
i'll show you what it looks like on me
now i have too long so as you can see
it's just like way too big way too big
so i'm just going to take it in about an
inch and a half on each side we'll see
how that works but yeah it's just way
way way too big but it's a really cute
print you can see it's like a peasant
top
and then I have a purpley 12 pretty
print but they are a large and they're
just way too big so i will show you guys
how to do that okay so the first thing
you want to do is turn your shirt inside
out we want to see the little seams on
the inside and then we're going to pin
it what I'm going to do is since my
chest line is here just under the arms
of the shirt I'm going to start here and
kind of make a in debt like that I'm
over exaggerating just to show you guys
but kind of whoo just like that to the
edge with some things show you what that
looks like you're just going to pin it
all the way through and you want to pin
it um where you're going to be sewing I
don't this is a really really quick and
easy way to do this I'm not going to put
any lines especially because the flowy
type top it doesn't have to be precise
so I'll show you guys what that looks
like okay so I just pinned it I just
kind of eyeballed it when I have the
shirt on it was a thumbs length of how
much I want to take in so that made it
easy I just measured a thumbs link so i
have pins here and I'm kind of making a
u-shape just as a faint you shape and I
go down here and back down and so now
we're going to just get on the sewing
machine I'm just use white thread
because it really won't show up I really
won't matter because it's so white and i
will show you guys that looks like i'm
just going to use a regular stitch and
just go straight down we're all super
easy alright so i'm on my sewing machine
you guys can tell I
just at the armpit seen here and I'm
just going to follow my line of pinks so
I'll show you guys what that looks like
i'm just going
doing this one-handed I'm talented being
a mom makes it's where I am really good
at multitasking
but anyways I will finish this up and
show you guys what it looks like alright
so the next step you're going to want to
do is flip it back right side out and
make sure it fits the way you want it's
much more fitted now you can see I have
plenty of space for my chest area and
it's still loosely fitting very
comfortable and so we're going to take
it back off and I'll show you what to do
next alright so next you're going to cut
along your cell line about a half inch
on the outside of your cell line and
then we're going to do a zigzag pattern
just so it doesn't fray and we don't
have all this extra material so I'll
show you what that looks like ok so as
you can see from my stitch up that about
a half inch it doesn't have to be
precise and we're just cutting up all
the way to the top you can just discard
this extra material